OSDOCS-8252: adds OVN-K i/c to RNs (#66502)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

The {cert-manager-operator} 1.11 is now generally available in {product-title} 4.14 as well as {product-title} 4.13 and {product-title} 4.12.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-14-ovn-k-interconnect"]
=== OVN-Kuberenetes interconnect

> {product-title} {product-version} introduces OVN-Kubernetes interconnect architecture to {openshift-networking}. This techincal change enables scaling clusters linearly with the number of nodes with a perfomance that is similar to OpenShift SDN.

Reviewer: _scaling clusters_ almost sounds like a type of cluster, to me at least. I, personally, don't like the two _with_'s so close together. 
```suggestion
{product-title} {product-version} introduces OVN-Kubernetes interconnect architecture to {openshift-networking}. This technical change enables you to scale clusters linearly based on the number of nodes with a perfomance that is similar to OpenShift SDN.
```

> {product-title} {product-version} introduces OVN-Kubernetes interconnect architecture to {openshift-networking}. This techincal change enables scaling clusters linearly with the number of nodes with a perfomance that is similar to OpenShift SDN.

Reviewer 2: /assign @mcurry-rh : I think in user facing docs, we didn't want to say "interconnect" and also "similar to SDN" kind of things?

> The new architecture also removes external Transport Layer Security (TLS) over proxy connection requirement from each hosted cluster to management cluster, which fulfills hosted control plane requirements. Users can now place more hosted cluster control planes on the management cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new architecture also removes the external Transport Layer Security (TLS) over proxy connection requirement from each hosted cluster to management cluster, which fulfills hosted control plane requirements. Users can now place more hosted cluster control planes on the management cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: we shouldn't say this "which fulfills hosted control plane requirements." its not officially meant to be communicated to customers.. neither should we say "Users can now place more hosted cluster control planes on the management cluster.", users don't do that, isn't it the SREs and SD infra team that does this? -> these points are for internal RH communication, I think you picked these up from TE slide deck, that is not meant for users I think...

> This update localizes databases to a specific node so that if a database goes down only that node is affected. See xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly.adoc#ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly[OVN-Kubernetes architecture] for more on the interconnect architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update localizes databases to a specific node so that if a database goes down, only that node is affected. See xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly.adoc#ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly[OVN-Kubernetes architecture] for more on the interconnect architecture.
```

Reviewer 2: please mention you are talking about OVN databases and mention it went from being centralized to distributed per node.

The {cert-manager-operator} 1.11 is now generally available in {product-title} 4.14 as well as {product-title} 4.13 and {product-title} 4.12.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-14-ovn-k-interconnect"]

> === Improved Scaling and Stability with Open Virtual Network (OVN) Optimizations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
=== Improved scaling and stability with Open Virtual Network (OVN) optimizations
```

> {product-title} {product-version} introduces an optimization of Open Virtual Network Kubernetes (OVN-K), where its internal architecture was modified to reduce operational latency for the purposes of removing barriers to scale and performance of the networking control plane. Network flow data is now localized on every cluster node versus having a heavy control plane with centralized information. This reduces operational latency and reduces cluster-wide traffic between worker and control nodes, thus cluster networking scales linearly with node count, because additional networking capacity is added with each additional node, to optimize larger clusters. Because network flow is localized on every node, RAFT leader election of control plane nodes is no longer needed, and a primary source of instability is removed. An additional benefit to localized network flow data is that the effect of any single node loss on networking is limited to the failed node and has no bearing on the rest of the cluster’s networking, thereby making the cluster more resilient to failure scenarios. See xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly.adoc#ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly[OVN-Kubernetes architecture] for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{product-title} {product-version} introduces an optimization of Open Virtual Network Kubernetes (OVN-K) in which its internal architecture was modified to reduce operational latency to remove barriers to scale and performance of the networking control plane. Network flow data is now localized to cluster node instead of centralizing information on the control plane. This reduces operational latency and reduces cluster-wide traffic between worker and control nodes. As a result, cluster networking scales linearly with node count, because additional networking capacity is added with each additional node, which optimizes larger clusters. Because network flow is localized on every node, RAFT leader election of control plane nodes is no longer needed, and a primary source of instability is removed. An additional benefit to localized network flow data is that the effect of node loss on networking is limited to the failed node and has no bearing on the rest of the cluster’s networking, thereby making the cluster more resilient to failure scenarios. See xref:../networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly.adoc#ovn-kubernetes-architecture-assembly[OVN-Kubernetes architecture] for more information.
```
